Use jaeger-v2 by default in Hotrod and Monitor examples (#6523)
jaegertracing/jaeger: docker-compose/monitor/README.md

It uses the latest image tags from both Jaeger and OpenTelemetry.

```shell

> docker compose -f docker-compose-v1.yml up

Reviewer: Let's turn this around and emphasize v2 first, with a note for v1

- Navigate to Jaeger UI at http://localhost:16686/ and inspect the Monitor tab. Select `redis` service from the dropdown to see more than one endpoint.
- To visualize the raw metrics stored on the Prometheus server (for debugging and local development use cases), use the built-in Prometheus UI at http://localhost:9090/query. For example, http://localhost:9090/query?g0.expr=traces_span_metrics_calls_total&g0.tab=0&g0.range_input=5m

> **Warning:** The included [docker-compose-v1.yml](./docker-compose-v1.yml) file uses the `latest` version of Jaeger and other components. If your local Docker registry already contains older versions, which may still be tagged as `latest`, you may want to delete those images before running the full set, to ensure consistent behavior:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** The included ` docker compose` files use the `latest` version of Jaeger and other components. If your local Docker registry already contains older versions, which may still be tagged as `latest`, you may want to delete those images before running the full set, to ensure consistent behavior:
```

Start the local stack needed for SPM, if not already done:
```shell

> docker compose -f docker-compose-v2.yml up

Reviewer: The v2 files need to be renamed just docker-compose, so that the user is not required to specify them on the command line.
